Add Competitor Analysis and Community Contributions sections (#182)
qdrant/landing_page: qdrant-landing/content/documentation/community-links.md

---
title: Community links
weight: 31
---

# Community Contributions

Though we do not officially maintain this content, we still feel that is is valuable and thank our dedicated contributors. 

| Link | Description                  | Stack  |   
|------|------------------------------|--------|

> | [Pinecone to Qdrant Migration](https://pypi.org/project/qdrant-tools/)       | Complete python toolset that supports migration between two products.       | Qdrant, Pinecone |  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Pinecone to Qdrant Migration](https://github.com/NirantK/qdrant_tools)       | Complete python toolset that supports migration between two products.       | Qdrant, Pinecone |  
```
